well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so uh yeah right now
as of right now it looks like biden won
now of course there's probably going to
be some legal shenanigans or
whatever coming over the next couple of
days
more than likely going to happen
that being said assuming everything goes
as planned
and he takes office in january
we have to remember that nothing has
changed
biden's not a savior he's one person
even if you have complete faith in him
he's one person we still have a lot of
work to do
aside from undoing all of the damage
that the trump administration has caused
we have to make sure that not
only are those people who assisted and
enabled
his reign
pushed from public life
we have to make sure that we build the
power structures
to prohibit his particular brand of
authoritarianism
from ever rearing its ugly head in this
country again
we were on an incredibly dark path
and maybe
we've shifted a little but it's just a
little
if we want the promises kept
if we want the future that the people
who watch this channel really want
it's not over we got a whole lot of work
to do
and we're going to have to keep at it
doesn't end in january
doesn't end in january the next year
this is a long hard struggle
so at the end of the day i think we all
need to remember
brunch is still cancelled just so you
know
know brunch is still cancelled
just so you know brunch is still
cancelled
brunch is still cancelled just so you
know
still cancelled kunch is still branson
brunch is still cancelled brunch
is still cancelled brunch is still
cancelled
still cancelled still cancelled
still cancelled you can always get it to
go
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day
you